alright guys this is the last spot I
saved on and people kept asking for a
walk through but I don't think this is
going to be much help of a walk through
but i'll try to explain it once you're
in volt 22 um it's there stands grass
and you're supposed to be on pest
control you find the key in common areas
somewhere there and we go down this
hallway this computer there you must get
the research files to and the door is
locked and I don't have it yet the girl
should be over here
you don't need to do this optional thing
if you do you could kill her later on or
use a dynamite or grenade
honestly if I can get passed around nope
sorry this isn't much help I'm not that
good it's my second video
she will be right here
I just hate it how they will let you
fuse headshots sometimes
yes first one first one
second level oxygen recycling
um
you could use a flamer that would be
better to using this cuz they're plants
of course she'll be right here
sounds dangerous I'll do it all right if
you want to kill her because you can't
find the gas you can as you could tell
she has kila her password you can kill
her or pickpocket her it doesn't matter
take it go up to this terminal and it
says door opening it gets you out of
here so you can leave if you don't want
to do it but if you want to do it you're
going to have to go all the way back to
pest control
and I
the gas is right there
you can tell it's right here so if you
have a dynamiter grenade long fuse
dynamite would be the best just chuck it
down the hall or something and just run
away you don't have a grenade for
dynamite you just have to kill her take
the password and the door should open
and for example she wants me to do it I
don't have a grenade or anything so I'm
gonna go kill her
just take that activate terminal open
entrance door now you can leave this
so-called I don't know place roll
of course I didn't get the research
papers so hopefully you guys saw that in
the beginning of the episode the video
and if you can get in there there you go
you can and i'll show you where to go
back
unless you guys don't want to see where
these people are
just back at Camp mccarn and that's it
the arrow is telling you to go do
something it's because of the research
papers or their the research and because
the the gas she wants you to use other
than that if you got those just leave
and go to the camp your game I don't
know it's well this is a second video of
course and I don't really know how to do
this so hopefully that guy that helped
you